- Hi. Is everything okay?
- Can you just call AAA?
My cell phone
can't get a signal out here.
- What's the problem?
- I don't know. The car just stopped.
Mind if I look under the hood?
I'm a Lieutenant Commander
in the Navy
stationed in Oceana.
Just wanna help, okay?
Relax.
I was just getting my ID.
I'm a dentist, I don't carry a gun.
I do.
It's my sister's number.
I always use her
as my emergency contact.
No, she lives in Miami.
What difference does it make
if she's local or not?
Well, no. Of course.
I could get a number
of somebody in town. It's just that...
I'll have to call them first
to make sure it's all right.
Fine, I'll call you back.
I'll be your emergency contact.
- Thanks, I'll get somebody else.
- Yeah. What's wrong with me?
Where do I start?
They never call.
They just need a number.
How do you do that?
First team varsity, Ohio State.
So, what do you say?
Fine.
Just don't make a big deal out of it.
Great! So, what are my responsibilities?
Are there any financial ramifications?
Like do I need to give blood
if you get hurt?
See? This is what I was talking about
- making a big deal out of it.
- Maybe I should go by your house
- and sort of check out the floor plan.
- Forget it!
- Forget it, okay? I'll just... I'll ask Abby.
- Suit yourself.
Whoa!
Are you guys Libras?
- No.
They are so screwed this week.
- Why don't you ask Gibbs?
- Maybe I will.
Why is he carrying
two cups of coffee today?
I don't know, and I don't wanna know.
But it probably has something to do
with one of his ex-wives.
Gibbs.
We have a possible
execution-style murder
of a Navy Lieutenant Commander
in Grayson County.
Let's call Ducky.
You know I have call waiting.
For emergencies.
I don't think
Gibbs even knows what call waiting is.
Gibbs, NCIS.
Hello, Gibbs, NCIS.
You got a first name?
- Jethro.
- Parents had a sense of humour.
Who's the rest of your posse?
Special Agent Todd, DiNozzo.
Our M.E., Dr. Mallard.
What can I do for you?
I understand a naval officer
was killed here last night.
That's right.
- If it's all the same to you, Sheriff.
- Charlie.
Since the victim was a naval officer,
we'd like to take over the investigation.
Well, it isn't all the same to me, Jethro.
The voters of Grayson County
didn't elect me sheriff
so I could cede jurisdiction
to some out-of-towners.
No matter how good-looking
one of them might be.
We'll share jurisdiction.
A murder on a state road in my county?
I don't think so.
- With all due respect, Sheriff.
- Charlie.
The forensic resources of NCIS
dwarf those of Grayson County.
Well, I'll tell you what.
I'll handle the local investigation.
You can have custody
of the physical evidence
for forensic purposes
and do the on-base investigation.
But any prosecution
will take place in Grayson County,
everything runs through me,
no exceptions, and I get full credit.
It's an election year.
What have you got?
Looks like Commander Julius got a flat,
pulled over to fix it,
somebody came along,
robbed him and killed him.
No clothes, no wallet, no watch.
We traced him
through the car registration.
Kate, photos. Tony, laser and sketch.
This reminds me
of the tale of the traveller
who was beaten and left by the highway.
- How so?
- Oh, a man from Samaria came by.
Yes, he saw the poor fellow,
picked him up,
carried him in his arms to an inn.
Bathed his wounds, bandaged him
and left money to feed him.
This was unusual because the
Samarians were considered outcasts
and of low moral fibre.
Yeah, but from then on,
he's been known
as the "Good Samaritan."
Man, you can talk.
- Perhaps over dinner?
- You're cute.
You got no chance, but you're cute.
Now, don't be too swift
in your dismissal, Charlie.
Destiny has brought us together.
You might wanna check
those tarot cards one more time.
This Samaritan
wasn't one of the good ones,
- was he, my friend?
- What have you got, Duck?
Single gunshot to the back.
One, two...
Oh, no exit wound.
Based on the blood splatter,
I'd say he was shot where he dropped.
- Shell casings?
- None that we could find.
We set up grids and went over each one
using a metal detector. Found zip.
- That's odd.
- What?
His hands were bound after he died.
If they were tied before he was killed,
it would've restricted circulation
and the blood would have pooled
and been unable to escape.
Making his hands redder
than the rest of his body.
Yeah, precisely.
- Time of death?
- Oh, Jethro,
you really got to have some patience.
What's his story?
- What do you mean?
- Well, is he single, available?
He's single.
As far as available, I wouldn't know.
I saw a car with its trunk up,
so I pulled over.
Didn't know
I'd be rolling into a crime scene.
What's that cologne you're wearing?
Not wearing any.
Oh, that's me. New perfume. You like?
Got a tow truck we can borrow?
Sure, doll.
- Don't say it, DiNozzo.
- I wasn't gonna say anything.
Don't think it.
Too late.
When we get to Oceana,
I want you to search Julius' apartment.
What are we looking for?
Motive to kill him.
You don't think it was
a crime of opportunity?
His hands were tied behind his back
after he was killed.
Well, maybe it was part of
the killer's ritual.
Kate, that's why we're going to Oceana.
Jethro!
I need to know how to get hold of you.
- The number's on the card I gave you.
- What about after hours?
- They can find me.
- Is this NCIS's idea of cooperation?
Based on the width and edges
of the entry wound
and the absence of an exit wound,
I'd say you were killed
by a hollow-point bullet.
Gerald, it's a conundrum.
- What's that?
- How a society
can develop cures
for all sorts of diseases,
can be the same society
that develops a bullet
that does this kind of damage.
Do you know
why they call them dum-dum bullets?
No.
In the late 1890s, the British military
developed them in India
at the Dum-Dum arsenal.
Yes, their use in warfare was banned
at the first
International Peace Conference
in 1899 at The Hague.
I actually find that interesting.
As opposed to what?
- How did he die?
- He was shot in the back.
- Any idea what he was doing out there?
- Has a sister who lives in Kentucky.
Might have been on his way home
from a visit.
- How long had he been stationed here?
- About five years.
Been with the Navy almost 15 years.
It was his life.
Never married?
Well, if he was,
it was before he arrived here.
- How well did you know him?
- Not very.
You were his commanding officer.
Commander Julius
was a bit of an odd duck,
- if you know what I mean.
- I don't.
He was a competent dentist,
but he wasn't one of the boys.
Didn't like to go out and hoist a few,
huh?
Exactly. He would rather sit
in front of a computer screen
surfing for collectibles.
- What kind?
- I don't know. I could ask around.
Know anybody who had
a grudge against him?
I wonder who
Commander Julius' decorator was.
Siegfried and Roy?
Oh, yeah. Nice gear.
Hey, what do you think of this?
"Lgottoomany..."
"I got too many."
Oh, yeah. Thanks.
- What do you think that means?
- I have no idea.
Kate, he got too many.
He collects lunch boxes?
- They're collectibles.
- Yeah, but they're lunch boxes.
Well, so he has an unusual hobby.
My grandfather collected buttons.
He always said,
"Anybody can collect coins or stamps.
"But buttons..."
Oh!
Magnum P.I. lunch box.
Magpi. I love Magnum P.I.
I had one of these in elementary school.
Tom Selleck was the man!
- Are they valuable?
- Probably. Why?
- Could be a motive.
- Yeah. A lunch box deal gone bad?
People have killed for a lot less.
I think I may know what those numbers
were on the computer Post-it.
What is this going to tell us?
He buys and sells lunch boxes on eBay.
We can check his feedback rating,
see if anyone has a beef with him.
Haven't you ever bought
anything on eBay before?
Have you?
Just some buttons for my cousin Petey.
100%.
So much for a lunch box motive.
Somebody's popular.
Not me.
Clerk screwed up again.
And they seem to be
from Sheriff Dupray.
Thought you gave her your cell.
Guess I forgot to turn it on.
What does she want?
She wants to video conference.
What can I do for you, Sheriff?
Jethro, if you're not
gonna call me Charlie,
we're gonna have
a difficult time working together.
Okay, Charlie.
There was a murder two counties over,
very similar to Commander Julius.
In fact, almost exactly the same.
How so?
The victim was found off the side
of a country road,
nude, bound, one gunshot in the back,
no shell casings found.
Who was the victim?
A David Truly.
He wasn't in the Navy,
but he was a civilian employee
at Naval Air Station, Oceana.
I think we've got
a serial killer on our hands.
This reminds me of a case
I worked once,
guy hated mailmen.
- Letter carrier.
- What?
They're called letter carriers,
not mailmen.
Since when?
I don't think
there was a specific date, Tony.
It just kind of evolved.
In any case,
is this in any way relevant to our case?
If the Sheriff is right,
we need to figure out
how the killer is choosing his targets.
Well, how does he know the cars that
stop are going to be navy connected?
Maybe he doesn't.
Maybe if someone pulls over
who's not navy,
he just waves them on.
Lot of east-west highways
in southern Virginia
head towards Virginia Beach.
Makes sense a lot of people on them
would be navy.
Get a hold of Truly's personnel records.
See if there's any connection
between him and Commander Julius.
And check Julius' CO.
On it.
I know, you're gonna ask me
to call the LEOs in the other county
and have them ship over the evidence.
Wasn't gonna ask.
Yeah, the bullet entered the back
through the left intercostal space
between the third and fourth ribs.
Now, the trajectory was from
left to right,
indicating that the shooter
fired from the left.
Would you weigh what's left of the liver
for me, please, Gerald?
No problem, Duck.
- Anything unusual?
- Rather straightforward, actually.
That's unusual.
Well, the bullet
took a fairly circuitous route
through Commander Julius
after it entered.
- Usable for ballistics?
- It's difficult to say.
The bullet was a 9mm hollow-point,
sustained some fragmentation.
I sent it up to Abby.
- Cause of death?
- Gunshot wound to the back.
Can't be much more straightforward
than that, Duck.
Well, he bled out.
The bullet was a particularly nasty form
of hollow-point.
When it expanded on impact,
it's copper jacket peeled back
to form six sharp claws,
one of which nicked his aorta.
Excuse me.
Even if he made it to the hospital, Duck,
he didn't have a chance.
Yeah, well, it wasn't
an execution type slaying.
Not that it'd make any difference
to Commander Julius.
But the GSR pattern
indicated that he was shot
from a distance of three to five feet.
The killer tied Julius' hands
post-mortem.
He do anything else?
Well, there's no sign of sexual abuse
if that's what you're asking.
I did find traces of a powdery substance
on his wrist.
- Drugs?
- Oh, I doubt it.
Abby's analysing it now.
I suspect it'll turn out to be corn starch.
Used as a lubricant for latex gloves.
There is actually quite a controversy
about the use of powder
as a donning agent in gloves.
You know, I read that one, Duck.
That's why there are no prints.
Thank you.
Oh. You'll find this interesting, Gerald.
Find anything, Abby?
This is the left rear tyre
of Commander Julius' car.
- Notice anything unusual?
- It's inflated?
Is that a guess?
Or do you actually know
where I'm going with this?
What do you think?
Well, I don't know.
That's why I asked you.
- Why don't you just tell me?
- So you don't know.
I wanna make sure you know.
- We should play poker sometime.
- Yeah, we should.
According to Sheriff Dupray's report,
when she got to the scene
the tyre was flat.
- But I had no problem filling it.
- Sure it's not a slow leak?
This is the second time I've filled it.
And the first time
I had it submerged in water.
There were no bubbles.
There was nothing wrong with this tyre.
Somebody let the air out
to make it look flat.
The killer went to a lot of trouble
to make a crime scene
look like something else.
- Any luck with the tyre track?
- Depends on your definition of luck.
- You're particularly feisty today.
- Thanks for noticing.
I ran the track through
the tread assistant database.
The CD-ROM has over
10,000 tyre tracks for comparison.
It's great for parties.
On top is the partial
we cast at the scene.
- You matched them.
- I did. But here's the bad news.
This particular brand
is like the prom queen of tyres.
It's very popular.
It fits all kinds
of mid-size cars and SUVs.
I hate getting behind SUVs.
You can't see anything.
Do you have a list of the models
that use that tyre?
It's in your e-mail.
And I included the tyre distributors
in the Virginia Beach area
that sell that brand.
So, Julius' prints are all over the car
as you would expect.
I did find some unidentified prints
on the hood.
- Did you run it...
- Run it through AFIS?
- Feisty and psychic.
- It's a killer combination.
I didn't get any hits on the prints.
The interior is clean.
There's no blood, there's no bodily fluid.
But I did find something peculiar
on the trunk lock.
Corn starch.
Ducky.
There's just no way
that this was a crime of opportunity.
Whoever pulled it off
put a lot of thought into it.
Oh! I called the county clerk's office to
see about getting the records sent over
and I get a recording.
And the recording tells me
to call another number, which I do,
which gives me another recording
that directs me
to dial the first number that I called.
- Look on the bright side.
- What bright side?
It's just an expression.
- Big mistake turning off the cell.
- Charlie. I almost didn't recognise you.
Like getting out of that uniform.
Evidence from the other murder.
Special delivery.
Wow! We never get
this kind of cooperation.
It's not a problem. Where's Jethro?
Right here.
Surprised to see me?
Oh, yeah. Yeah. Surprised is one word
that does come to mind.
Case files and photos
from the Halifax County murder.
- Appreciate that.
- Jethro, I think you owe me a dinner.
Have you always been so shy?
Well, Jethro, there are
two kinds of people in this world.
The ones who go after what they want,
and everybody else.
Where are we going?
The cafeteria.
Do you have something to say?
- No.
What have we got here?
Well, these photos
are almost carbon copies
of the ones I took in Grayson County.
And Charlie put together
a profile of the killer.
White male, age: 25 to 34,
of at least average intelligence,
possibly a military background.
Also makes reference
to a sub-type of serial killer,
the mission-orientated type.
He seeks out a specific group
that he believes the world
would be better without.
Doesn't narrow it down much.
They also recovered a slug.
9mm hollow-point.
- What's the condition?
- It's too damaged to try and match.
Does it say anything there
about the bullet having
six sharp claws?
No, but they don't have access
to the equipment that we do.
Abby might have better luck.
Here's something
you don't read every day.
One of the patrolmen noticed
a wet patch of ground.
Someone took a whiz
on the side of the road.
While they were waiting
for the car to come along.
They dug up the whole patch,
sealed it, tagged it
- and sent it for DNA analysis.
- And?
Hasn't been tested yet
because of a backlog at the state lab.
Get them to send it to Abby.
And remember,
two killings don't make a serial killer.
Z4. Nice.
3.0 litre, 225 horse power,
dual overhead cam.
24-valve inline, six-cylinder engine
with double-VANOS variable
A-valve timing.
- Oh, I love cars!
- There's no flat.
All the other victims' cars had flat tyres.
It wouldn't matter.
She's got run-flat tyres.
They come standard.
Hey, Charlie. Thanks for the call.
- My pleasure, Jethro.
- What do we got here?
A motorist called 911.
Said they saw a car pulled off
the side of the road
with the emergency flashers on.
They sent a patrolman.
This is what he found.
Victim been ID'd?
Lieutenant James Seeger.
Aviator, Oceana.
Sure looks like the work of our guy.
I beg to differ, Kate.
This young man was killed between
2:00 and 3:00 yesterday afternoon.
The body has double lividity.
The blood settled twice.
Killed some place else
and dumped here.
Precisely.
Copycat?
Well, the details
have all been in the press.
They match in almost every respect.
It's nearly impossible
to come to any other conclusion.
That means we have
two killers on the loose.
Three.
I think we're looking for a woman.
Female serial killer
goes against the odds.
It's not unheard of.
- What's your thinking, doll?
- Most men prefer hands-on killing.
Strangulation, stabbing.
Women prefer hands-off killing.
Like these.
Women are meticulous
about leaving the crime scene
free of material evidence.
Which would account
for why we found no shell casings
or fingerprints.
What would cause a man
to pull over on a dark road at night?
- Damsel in distress.
- Exactly.
- Handsome and smart.
- I think our answer is in Oceana.
Go through base records
for any disgruntled civilian employees,
dishonourable discharges,
anybody with a chip on their shoulder.
And what are you gonna do?
I'm gonna talk to
Lieutenant Seeger's RIO.
Can I ask you a question, Gibbs?
Is this one of those questions
where it's not gonna matter if I say no?
I was just wondering
if there was any rhyme or reason
behind how you divide up assignments.
Yeah.
Jimmy liked to take his Z4
up to the Blue Ridge Parkway,
drop the top,
crank up some country tunes,
and just wind it out.
- Something funny about that?
- I hate country music.
We were always arguing about that.
Sometimes he'd take
his fat boy up there.
- His what?
- His Harley.
That was Jimmy, you know.
Fast cars, fast jets.
- The need for speed.
- Exactly.
He had a bad boy vibe.
That was part of his appeal.
When was the last time you saw him?
Two days ago.
We were doing night FCLP.
Yeah, I read his service records.
His fit-reps were all outstanding.
He was a hell of a pilot.
Do you know anybody
who would wanna kill him?
His wife.
Do you wanna take a minute
to think about that?
Don't need to.
- Any specific reason?
- There's a laundry list.
At the top, they're going through
a particularly nasty divorce.
I guess I should say
they were going through a divorce.
- How nasty was it?
- Mutual restraining orders,
yelling and screaming,
each one accusing the other
of cheating.
Any truth to that?
I can't speak for Laura.
Jimmy was a man's man.
He loved the ladies
and the ladies loved him.
But I never saw him cross the line.
I think he would've told me if he did.
- Because he told you everything.
- And I told him everything.
When you trust your life
to someone literally
you usually don't keep any secrets.
Normally,
when someone kills their spouse,
there's a financial upside.
Jimmy have a second job?
No.
He had a very successful grandfather.
He was the original US importer
of Swiss Army knives.
- Made some serious coin.
- And Jimmy was the beneficiary?
Along with his brothers and sisters.
- How well did you know the wife?
- Well enough to know she's crazy.
How crazy?
She hired a Haitian priest
to put a curse on Jimmy.
When was the last time
Jimmy saw her?
About a month ago, I think.
They did most of their talking
through lawyers.
You know that song,
Thin Line Between Love and Hate?
- Nope.
- Doesn't matter, title kind of says it all.
Whoever wrote that
had Jimmy and Laura in mind.
Laura Seeger?
- That's me.
- NCIS.
Special Agent Jethro Gibbs.
Special Agent Caitlin Todd.
- Do you have a minute?
- Sure. Come on in.
His death hit me hard.
Much harder than I imagined.
Given the tone
of your divorce proceeding,
I would guess much harder
than anyone imagined.
I may not have been in love
with Jimmy anymore,
but I still loved him.
Is that why you hired a Haitian priest
to put a curse on him?
I see you've been talking
to Lieutenant Wallace.
- Is it true?
- I told him that, but it wasn't true.
Why tell him that, then?
Jimmy's lawyers were playing hardball.
It was gamesmanship on my part.
When you were together,
did you get along?
God.
We fought like cats and dogs
from day one.
It was part of the appeal.
There was always a certain energy,
a certain juice between us.
What went wrong?
We grew apart.
I know it sounds like a cliché,
but that's what happened.
It got to the point
where Jimmy would rather spend time
out back in his woodshop than with me.
Did anyone else fill the void?
If you're asking me if I had an affair,
the answer is no.
Can we cut to the chase?
Yeah. By all means.
I've read enough books,
watched enough TV
to know that when a husband is killed
under suspicious circumstances,
the wife is the first suspect.
So please don't feel
like you need to beat around the bush.
Ask me what you came to ask me.
I have nothing to hide.
Did you kill your husband?
No, I didn't.
Where were you yesterday afternoon?
I had a half dozen errands to run.
Dry cleaner, bank,
supermarket, hardware store.
I can give you a list
with the approximate times.
Would you be willing
to give us a DNA sample?
Absolutely.
I thought I was going mad.
I mean, the two autopsies
were nearly identical.
It was déjà vu all over again.
- Hey, that's a Yogi Berra quote.
- The cartoon character?
Not Yogi Bear, Yogi Berra.
Well, judging by your reaction,
he's either a sportsperson,
- or a bouncer at a strip club.
- Gentlemen's club.
This autopsy give us anything
the other one didn't?
The bullet was in better shape.
And I noticed something peculiar
in his nose,
so I did a swab.
A swab, Duck?
Kind of old school, isn't it?
Oh, I just go
where the evidence takes me.
I recall a case in my early career,
yeah, before we had the benefit
of all this marvellous technology.
A young man, barely 20 years old, he
had jelly from a doughnut on his face.
- Ducky?
- Yes?
What did you find in his nose?
- Cellulosic fibre, lignin.
- Wood.
Well, sawdust, to be precise.
Hey, Boss, don't you have
some kind of weird thing
about women and sawdust?
I don't think it's weird.
Laura Seeger said that her husband
had a woodshop out back.
Yeah, well, she also said
he hadn't used it in a month.
I mean, it wouldn't still be there in
his nose after a month, would it, Ducky?
No, that was recent.
Well, he could've been
woodworking somewhere else.
Yeah, he could've.
Yeah, something else
showed up on the swab.
A dog's hair.
Laura Seeger had two dogs in the back.
- But she seems to have a solid alibi.
- One of her errands was to the bank.
Charlie could get us
the surveillance tapes.
They'd all be time-stamped.
Yeah, but if she was guilty,
why would she just offer up her DNA
so freely?
Because she didn't know
we had something to match it to.
Oh! Gibbs!
Didn't your momma teach you
not to sneak up on people?
Obviously not.
An ex-boyfriend snuck up on me once,
and he was walking funny for a week.
- Or I should say, funnier.
- What do you got for me, Abs?
If it's what I think it is,
something that's gonna rock your world.
Well, don't keep me in suspense.
I just need a minute and...
That's a match.
- That's right. Ranger talons.
- This is supposed to rock my world?
Pay attention, class.
The left bullet, Ducky pulled from
Commander Wade Julius.
The right bullet
was recovered not from David Truly,
the victim from two counties over,
but from victim number three,
Lieutenant Seeger.
Now would anyone like to tell the class
what this means?
- There wasn't a copycat murder?
- No.
All three were committed
by the same person.
We matched the bullets
from Julius to Seeger.
Wait, that doesn't make any sense.
Why was Seeger killed somewhere else
and then dumped if it wasn't a copycat?
You think Laura Seeger
could have randomly killed two people
to make it look like a serial killer
in order to cover up killing her husband?
Yeah. Two or three.
You think she'd kill again
to keep up the serial killer ruse?
Yeah, sure.
- That's so cold.
- Ice cold.
How are we doing on the DNA sample?
- I just got it two hours ago.
- And?
And you can't rush science, Gibbs.
You can yell at it and scream at it,
but you can't rush it.
How long until
you have something, Abby?
Bare minimum, 18 hours.
All right, let's get this party started.
They had two different cameras
in the main lobby.
I figured you might be able
to doctor one, but not both.
- You looked at them?
- I can't watch movies alone.
I stopped by Blockbuster
in case those are boring.
Got Sleepless in Seattle.
Well, let's see
if Laura Seeger's alibi holds up.
Yep.
That her?
I don't like her shoes.
2:33 p.m.
Ducky said the time of death was what?
Between 2:00 and 3:00?
She's in the bank,
right in the middle of it.
It's almost exactly
when she said she was there.
Guess that means she's got an alibi.
She couldn't have gotten from the bank
to the murder site that quickly.
No way she could be our killer.
Obviously, Laura Seeger
couldn't have done it.
Two different angles, both of them lock.
She entered the bank at 2:33 p.m.
She left at 2:40 p.m.
Only one thing we can do.
Go over everything again
from the beginning.
Like my daddy always said,
every path has its puddles.
Do you know what kind of video system
the bank uses?
No, why?
Because if it's a central system,
all the time stamps would be the same.
You just have to change one.
You think she had somebody
inside the bank?
How hard is it for an attractive woman
to get a guy to do what she wants?
- Oh, it happens every day.
- It's easy.
Ladies, think that was
a rhetorical question.
Charlie, can you check out
the bank for me?
Yeah, sure.
And we also need to reverify
all the stops she made
- when she was running her errands.
- Now that one's gonna cost you.
We need to find the murder weapon
and tie it to Seeger.
Yeah. I checked the federal registry,
I checked gun purchase records
in the surrounding five states.
Well, then check ten.
Get me a sales receipt on the ammo.
- Ranger talon is an uncommon bullet.
- I'll do a full background on her.
Start with her parents,
work forward until today.
What are you waiting for?
- You finished with these tapes?
- No, I wanna show them to Abby.
See if the shadows
are consistent with the time stamps.
I'll tell you, Jethro, I'd hate to be
on the wrong side of the law with you.
Special Agent Gibbs.
This must be the follow-up visit
where you have a few more questions.
- Can I come in?
- Of course.
We ran down all your errands.
- Any problems?
- Nope. No.
In fact, if anything,
it was a little too neat.
Well, look around.
It's pretty spotless, huh?
One of my qualities, for better or worse,
is that I'm very organised.
Of course, Jimmy had
another word for it.
- Oh, I'm sure he did.
- It would make him mental.
Jimmy was the kind of guy
who would walk into a room,
drop whatever he was carrying,
and then leave a trail of clothes
leading to the kitchen.
That one of the things you fought about?
- One of the many.
- We did an autopsy on your husband.
I assume that's standard.
Yeah, it is.
What we found wasn't.
Do you want me to guess?
Found something unusual in his nose.
Did a swab. We found two things.
Sawdust
and dog hair.
Okay.
- You have a woodshop out back, right?
- Yeah, I told you that.
And from the sound of it, a dog or two?
Oh! You think Jimmy was here recently,
even though I told you
he hadn't been here in a month.
- You can see why.
- I can.
How did I do?
What do you mean?
You obviously told me that
to see my reaction.
Look, as I said before,
I have nothing to hide.
I didn't kill my husband.
I gave you my DNA.
I don't know what more
you want from me.
That should be enough to clear me,
shouldn't it? Unless...
Unless you have nothing to match it to,
and asking me was another test.
For a navy flyer,
Jimmy Seeger had a lot of cash.
- He inherited it from his grandfather.
- No kidding.
You know what my grandfather left me?
- His button collection?
- I wish.
My cousin Petey got that.
I got 1,000 shares of stock
in a dot-com company.
Well, that's more than Laura Seeger
would have gotten out of her divorce.
She signed a lopsided prenup.
Well, I guess if he died
before they were divorced,
the prenup wouldn't have mattered.
Sounds like a motive to me.
How did Seeger's grandfather
make his money?
Imported Swiss Army knives.
Oh, I love everything Swiss.
Knives, cheese, the Alps.
I even like ABBA.
- ABBA's Swedish.
- I don't think so.
Hey, Boss.
Did she crack under the pressure?
I take that as a no.
Got your 911, Abs. What's up?
Ready to have your world rocked again?
I'm barely over the first time.
I ran Laura Seeger's DNA swab,
and I got the DNA results
back from the urine sample
- taken at the first crime scene.
- And?
- How about a drum roll?
- Abby?
Okay, forget the drum roll.
Although it would have been nice.
- Hey!
- The DNA matched.
- Laura Seeger has an ironclad alibi.
- I know.
- How is it possible they could match?
- They can't, but they do.
We've a warrant to search your house.
I don't understand.
You said that my alibi checked out.
It did. For the murder of your husband.
This warrant is based
on the murder of David Truly.
I don't even know who that is!
David Truly was killed
on US Highway 58.
Your DNA was found
at the crime scene.
- That's impossible.
- Not according to the lab result.
What DNA did you find?
It seems that while you were waiting
for a car to come along,
you had to answer nature's call.
Women don't urinate
on the side of the road.
Do they, Agent Todd?
I don't.
Someone's setting me up.
So you're saying
that someone stole your urine
while you weren't looking?
- Yes!
- And how exactly would they do that?
I've given two urine samples
in the last month
at Oceana Base clinic.
Once for my annual physical,
and once because Jimmy's lawyers
accused me of using drugs.
- You know that's easy to check out.
- Check it out.
- I want you to.
- Who's your doctor?
Commander Margaret Green.
You neglected to tell me
Lieutenant Seeger had filed
a formal grievance against you.
I didn't think it was germane.
A man has been murdered,
you had a grudge,
and you don't think it was germane?
I'm a professional, Agent Gibbs.
I didn't let his complaint
colour my behaviour.
Maybe you should have.
According to the complaint,
you were sexually harassing
Lieutenant Seeger.
Lieutenant Seeger and I
differed in our interpretation
of the events that transpired.
What did the review board conclude?
- Hearing hadn't been held.
- The hearing hadn't been held?
Before it could be,
Lieutenant Seeger was killed.
You trying to insinuate something,
Agent Gibbs?
I don't insinuate, Commander.
- You treat Lieutenant Seeger's wife?
- I treat a lot of people's wives.
- Including Lieutenant Seeger's?
- Including Lieutenant Seeger's.
- She recently had a physical.
- That's correct.
Oh, I'd like to see her medical records.
Only her doctor is privy to those.
NCIS has access to all military records.
His wife isn't military.
She's a dependent.
Doesn't matter.
I've to check on that.
Might take a while.
Where were you between
2:00 and 3:00 p.m., Tuesday?
- At a medical conference.
- Where?
D.C.
We have two great suspects.
Commander Green, because
of the complaint filed against her
which would threaten her pension
and her future with the Navy.
Laura Seeger who'd get diddly
if her divorce went through.
- Green was in D.C. With witnesses.
- Seeger was in the bank on video.
How can our two great suspects
both have ironclad alibis?
I don't know. But only one of them
had DNA at the crime scene.
Well, if you believe Laura Seeger,
then someone planted it.
Green had access to her DNA.
She could easily have done it.
I put my money on her.
Why?
The whole sexual harassment thing,
that's just wrong.
That was Arlene in Records.
I think I just got the answer
to the mystery.
Special Agent Gibbs, this is OnStar.
The vehicle you are tracking
is parked on Owl Creek bridge.
Roger. You copy that, Charlie?
Owl Creek bridge. Copy.
Hey, Boss, we made our pickup.
Let's hope we get there
before someone else does.
Put your hands where I can see them!
Step out of the car.
Step away!
Hands behind your back.
Interlace your fingers. Thumbs up.
Twins.
The holy grail of dating.
- Where do you come up with this stuff?
- Although, twins that kill, not good.
I just can't imagine
killing someone for your sister.
- I would never kill for my sister.
- Yeah, you barely return her calls.
Identical twins, identical DNA
Identical murders.
One for the books.
I'll bet Laura was splitting
the Swiss Army knife money with Linda,
that's why Linda killed
her sister's husband.
Sheriff Dupray's statement.
There's Charlie.
Thank you all for coming.
Before I take your questions,
there is a group of people
that I want to thank.
Oh, we're finally gonna get some credit.
They're sort of the unsung heroes
in all of this.
Not when you start singing.
I would like to express
my deepest gratitude
to the citizens of Grayson County
for putting their faith in me.
I couldn't have solved this triple murder
without your support.
- Now I'll take your questions.
- Sheriff!
In the second row.
Go ahead, doll.
Sheriff, what was the key break
in the case
that allowed you
to link all these murders?
It's an election year.
It was just a combination
of good detective work
and persistence on my part.